Generally very good. A nice level of detail, clearly structured and quite well written. You will benefit from a little more practice writing in this style, but that comes with time. Try to read published papers and compare the style to your own if possible. These are mainly formative comments to help you write a more polished report in the future, than something that has affected your marks greatly:

Some of your references need some more detail - the reader needs to be able to find the exact document you read, without issue. You included some nice additional thoughts and studies. It's a very nice feature to probe the extent of the assumptions that have been made. Some mistakes in understanding were made but generally it was very good. Readme could include more detail. Should specify detailed (idiot-proof) running instructions, including the versions of python and any external libraries, etc. I liked the structure: using modules for the back end and only the interface in the executable scripts, nice and neat. Nice comments, sufficient detail. The output from the scripts could be a little more verbose - I shouldn't have to work out which matrix is which and which number is which. You failed to recognise that your Gaussian Fourier transform did not return a Gaussian - read the numpy documentation more carefully. Additionally, the result appears to be reflected in x=0 - again read the numpy documentation carefully. You could always construct tests to ensure it is behaving as you would expect.

Generally quite good with some improvements that are typically gained from experience.
